
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::StoryInfo - Posy plugin which gets suplementary information
about stories from the story-entry itself.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.02'' of Posy::Plugin::StoryInfo.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin is an augmentation and specialization of Posy::Plugin::Info in
that it extracts specialized Info data from the entry itself. This expects
that the entry is a story, and therefore has a Title and an Author (and
possibly a Summary and an AuthorEmail). Since stories often tend have some
conventions in formatting this particular information, this plugin tries to
guess that information from the story-entry itself, if the entry is HTML or
plain text. This is only done, however, if the entry doesn't already have a
.info file associated with it.

This expects Posy::Plugin::Info to also be installed.

This plugin replaces the 'info' method.

Note that this is not reccommended as a permanent setup, since .info files
have been designed to be smaller and easier to parse, and extracting Info
from entry-files will take longer than having the Info in .info files. It
is, however, useful for extracting the initial information from the entry
file, so it can then be put into an .info file.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``story_info_on''
If true, enable extraction of Info information from entries. (default:
false)

``story_info_title_name''
The name of the Info field into which to put the Title information.
(default: Title) Make it empty to not use this field.

``story_info_author_firstname''
The name of the Info field into which to put the author's first-name
information is put. (default: Firstname) Make it empty to not use this
field.

``story_info_author_lastname''
The name of the Info field into which to put the author's last-name
information is put. (default: Lastname) Make it empty to not use this field.

``story_info_author_email''
The name of the Info field into which to put the author's email information
is put. (default: AuthorEmail) Make it empty to not use this field.

``story_info_size_name''
The name of the Info field into which to put the Size information (number of
K) (default: Size) Make it empty to not use this field.

``story_info_fields''
Define additional fields to look for. The first part of the definition is
the name of the Info field, and the second part is the string to look for
which will contain the required information after it.

    story_info_fields:
      Summary: 'Summary:'
      Category: 'Category:'
      Rating: 'Rating:'

This is really rather limited, but it does work with common formats.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::StoryInfo

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::Info
    HTML::SimpleParse

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

